Add device screen fields to searchable properties entries (#5725)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/sentry-basics/search/searchable-properties.mdx

| device.name | Details of the device | x |  | string |
| device.online | Whether the device was online or not. A string that is either `True` or `False`. | x |  | string |
| device.orientation | Describes the orientation of the device and can be either `portrait` or `landscape`. | x | x | string |

> | device.screen_density | The density of the device screen in pixel units. | x | x | string |
> | device.screen_dpi | Dots per inch of the device screen. | x | x | string |
> | device.screen_height_pixels | Device screen height in pixels. | x | x | string |
> | device.screen_width_pixels | Device screen width in pixels. | x | x | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| device.screen_density | Device screen density in pixels. | x | x | string |
| device.screen_dpi | Number of dots per inch of the device screen. | x | x | string |
| device.screen_height_pixels | Device screen height in pixels. | x | x | string |
| device.screen_width_pixels | Device screen width in pixels. | x | x | string |
```

Author: Thanks Liza!
